Reclaim the wasteland - robot factorio

Build bots from your inventory of parts

send them out to cleanse the wasteland and return valuable materials they extract

beasts and machines from the old empire prowl the wastes

build a network of point to point charging stations to keep the bots moving


-bot parts
    -Chassis
    -Cargo space
    -Weapon hard point
    -Toxin extractor
        -Lead
        -Isotopes
        -Mercury
        -Petrochemicals
        -Biosludge
    -Battery
    -Drive system
    -Sensor suite

1. the pod (planetary ordinance disposal) system lands
2. 2 basic designs are avilable. send out the scouts and wallE compactors
3. more components are unlocked when certain resources are discovered, or data caches are found
4. baddies show up when disturbed
5. mission is complete when the map has been cleaned
15. Selected bot can be used to 'rally' other bots to it and create a swarm
16. Rally depends on bot type:
    -Processing drones: rallies drones with extractor abilities
    -Defense drones: rallies other defense drones
    -Scout drones: not available




18. Completable scenario objectives with intro texts
16. inactive factories are guarded by fixed groups of creatures
15. villages and caves sometimes produce enemy creatures (creature probability table is tile based)
15.5 Scouts can enter special tiles and trigger events
11. Having materials will unlock a new bot design
11. If swarm leader is selected, draw lines to swarm members?


Map 1: Sleeper Awaken
Intro: No power. Directive...delayed. Elapsed time: 21359 cycles. 
        Solar activity increasing. Air particulates returning to normal. Radiation levels reduced.
        Directive...reclaim earth.

    Attempting to contact other sensing units...no connectivity. Directive: contact sensing units to find missing data.

    Construct a scout.

    onDiscover another base: 

    New directive: find ordinater to deliver secret key to locked facility.

    onDiscover an Ordinater in a ruin: Escort ordinater to nearby corrupted factory.

    Facility converted. New patterns detected. Incompatible directives found: 
    Directive: defend the installation. 
    Incompatible directive overwritten.
    Directive: reclaim earth. 
    construct a processor. cleanse 50% of the map tiles.

Emergence of the Overseer
    Directive...find the needed patterns in the ruins.

    Directive...construct an extractor.
             ...construct a scout.
             ...construct a processor.

Map 2: Remnants
Intro: Cleansing proceeds. 

Discover a corrupted factory,
    It produces a sentry to defend 'company property'

On sighting an enemy
    Directive...construct a defender.

Keep the defenders at bay while cleansing the area around the factories

Map 3: Ordinaters

Discover an Ordinater in a ruin. Escort ordinater to nearby corrupted factory.

After this, Depending on what you choose when you discover ruins in missions, you get different missions


Map 4: Company property

Convert all factories before they can produce too may sentries. Your Ordinaters must survive.
Cleanse the land of at least 50% of its toxins with 10 squares of pristine terrain




