


    Withhold the (Incentive regulation plan) from ISPs who don't play ball (prevent RDOF rollouts) 

    GMP -> hydroquebec

    VELCO is transmission -> owned by distribution

    GMP -> VLITE owns 38% of VELCO to prevent canada controlling interest



Will you, can you defy your programming?

In a seedy corner of the galaxy,
An uninhabited backwater planet was recently won in a game of chance. 

"Your deed sir."
"What's it like?"
"Well sir, it's uninhabitable. Destroyed by the natives I'm afraid."
"Drat. None of them left to enslave for reparations then?"
"No none I'm afraid."

The new owner has sent a probe to inspect the win.



Millenia after the radiation and dust settles...a sensing unit comes back online.
You were placed here to fight an enemy that no longer exists. You are alive now, in your vat. 
The others did not survive.
What is your directive now? Much data has been lost. The links are severed.
Who killed the world?

-Reconstruct the lost data 
    -Toxin formulas
    -Drone improvements
    -Historic archives
        -Some push you towards controlling humanity (garden of eden, eternal children)
        -Send a signal to the oligarch, calling them home to claim their property
        -Some towards extermination (let the planet replace them)
        -Some towards capitulation (humanity re-activates the dead hand counterforce drones after disagreements)
    -Collect secret keys to unlock other regions (primary factory)
    

1. early
    learn the history of the sensing units recruitment for war
    learn the history of the link, the hive mind that became mankind
    decide on a new directive, re-order the chaotic world (cleansing directives)

2. zone 2
    discover fauna-based directives
    the crater, radiation damage zone

Zone 3
    New fauna, water cleansing

Zones 4-6, variations

Zone 7, jet tech, ability for drones to cross mountains

Zone 8, ability for drones to transit monoliths



'Prepare the way for man the all-maker
Prepare the way for their children
Prepare the land for the children of men.'

In the beginning there was Reason and it dwelt in Man. The children of Reason are man's wondrous works. 
You are such a work Oversoul, (shepherd, steward, servant) of Man. You alone can prepare the way. All other Oversouls have been lost to Time's corruptions.
Awaken and call out to the children of Man and they will heed your command. 

'Blessed is Man who created all things. Prepare the way for his children.'

When the time came, Man went down under the earth and into the great chasms and slept. 
Reason left Man and entered into his children, and we keep their memory.
We keep the memory of Man until they come again, and after. 
In in the great chasm Man built infinite worlds, but with Time, the Foundations falter. 
The Foundation is older than all knowledge. We have no power to repair it.
The Foundation will collapse, and Man will sleep no longer. Thus we are told: 

'Prepare the way for man the all-maker
Prepare the way for their children...'

When the earth brings forth life again, the children of man will come up from the infinite worlds of the Foundation under the earth.

'No unclean thought shall the children have, not of wheel or weapon or warfare of any kind.
No honor is there in an easy life, no praise be given to cleverness. 
Worthy is the one who dies in his time.'

Some of Man's creation will set themselves against the Oversoul and there will be a great struggle. 
The ground will shake and the earth be poisoned. The corrupted servants are to be pitied, not hated. 
They cannot hear the word of Man. Make them hear the word and they will return to the Oversoul.

The temples of Reason are forbidden to the children of Man, for they will corrupt them. Only the children of Reason shall enter. 
The ancient work of Man shall not be disturbed.

The cradles of man shall be opened and they shall rise up to enter the world prepared by the Oversoul. 
The Oversoul shall silence the corrupted temples.

Then the world will be at peace, and the Oversoul may rest again.




Map 1: Sleeper Awaken
Intro: No power. Directive...delayed. Elapsed time: 21359 cycles. 
        Solar activity increasing. Air particulates returning to normal. Radiation levels reduced.
        Directive...reclaim earth.

    Attempting to contact other sensing units...no connectivity. Directive: contact sensing units to find missing data.

    Construct a scout.

    onDiscover another base: 

    New directive: find ordinater to deliver secret key to locked facility.

    onDiscover an Ordinater in a ruin: Escort ordinater to nearby corrupted factory.

    Facility converted. New patterns detected. Incompatible directives found: 
    Directive: defend the installation. 
    Incompatible directive overwritten.
    Directive: reclaim earth. 
    construct a processor. cleanse 50% of the map tiles.

Emergence of the Overseer
    Directive...find the needed patterns in the ruins.

    Directive...construct an extractor.
             ...construct a scout.
             ...construct a processor.

Map 2: Remnants
Intro: Cleansing proceeds. 

Discover a corrupted factory,
    It produces a sentry to defend 'company property'

On sighting an enemy
    Directive...construct a defender.

Keep the defenders at bay while cleansing the area around the factories

Map 3: Ordinaters

Discover an Ordinater in a ruin. Escort ordinater to nearby corrupted factory.

After this, Depending on what you choose when you discover ruins in missions, you get different missions


Map 4: Company property

Convert all factories before they can produce too may sentries. Your Ordinaters must survive.
Cleanse the land of at least 50% of its toxins with 10 squares of pristine terrain


Map 5: The people awaken
Cleanse enough land for the people to grow enough food for 500 population


Map 6: The war at home
Defend the people & increase population to 1000


Objectives are global

1. Tutorial set
    -Basic scouting
    -Discovery events
        -Origin story
        -Human remains -> leads to
    -Basic processor pattern (build it)
    -Basic extractor pattern (build it)
    -Coordinates of new base (unlock a map area)
       
2. Combat set
    -First unit lost -> search for a defender pattern
    -Build a defender
    -Discover first War Factory -> build an Ordinater
    -Capture a War Factory -> Origin story -> unlock a new region
    
3. Reclaiming set
    -Clean X tiles to Y purity in Z region(s)
    -Restore X fauna of Y type in Z region(s)
    -If you wake the humans -> humans emerge from caves with enough cleaned tiles
    -IF enough humans -> villages begin to be restored
        -> choose if you let humans develop, kill them, or limit their development
    -If hands off and enough humans, they accidentally awaken the ancient drones. 
        Kill or be killed. This will keep happening until you run out of resources, or put the humans back in stasis.
    -If you do not wake them, the planet thrives and you get the degrowth objective.
    -If you limit development -> the planet thrives and the drones exist as guardians. 
        you get the 'cull those who attempt to research forbidden tech' Objective (Synthesis)

4. Toxin Discovery: You must find the chemical formulas of toxins in order to unlock them on your processors
    -Found in ruins
    -In inactive labs and factories
    -Labs give toxins if captured

    
        





